Module 2 Quiz

1.Question 1
Filtering data is used to do which of the following? (select all that apply)

Correct : (Multiple)
	a.  Narrows down the results of the data.
	b.  Reduces the strain on the client application
	c.  Removes unwanted data in a calculation



2.Question 2
You are doing an analysis on musicians that start with the letter “K”. 
Select the correct query that would retrieve only the artists whose name starts with this letter.

Correct : Select name 
	from artists 
	where name LIKE 'K%';



3.Question 3
A null and a zero value effectively mean the same thing. True or false?

Correct : 
	False



4.Question 4
Select all that are true regarding wildcards (Select all that apply.)

Correct : (Multiple)
	a.  Wildcards at the end of search patterns take longer to run
	b.  Wildcards take longer to run compared to a logical operator



5.Question 5
Select the statements below that ARE NOT true of the ORDER BY clause (select all that apply).

Correct : (Multiple)
	a.  Cannot sort by a column not retrieved
	b.  Can be anywhere in the select statement


6.Question 6
Select all of the valid math operators in SQL (select all that apply).

Correct : (Multiple)
	+ (addition)
	- (subtraction)
	* (multiplication)
	/ (division)



7.Question 7
Which of the following is an aggregate function? (select all that apply)

Correct : (Multiple)
	COUNT()
	MIN()
	MAX()



8.Question 8
Which of the following is true of GROUP BY clauses? (Select all that apply.)

Correct : (Multiple)
	a.  Every column in your select statement may/can be present in a group by clause, except for aggregated calculations.
	b.  NULLs will be grouped together if your Group By column contains NULLs
	c.  GROUP BY clauses can contain multiple columns



9.Question 9
Select the true statement below.

Correct : 
	HAVING filters after the data is grouped.




10.Question 10
Which is the correct order of occurrence in a SQL statement?

Correct : 
	select, from, where, group by, having


